docs/vcd_search.md, before:

```
Usage: vcd search [OPTIONS] [resource-type]

  Search for resources in vCloud Director.

      Description
          Search for resources of the provided type. Resource type is not case
          sensitive. When invoked without a resource type, list the available
          types to search for. Admin types are only allowed when the user is
          the system administrator. By default result is order by id.
  
          Filters can be applied to the search.
  
      Examples
          vcd search
              lists available resource types.
  
          vcd search task
              Search for all tasks in current organization.
  
          vcd search task --filter 'status==running'
              Search for running tasks in current organization.
  
          vcd search admintask --filter 'status==running'
              Search for running tasks in all organizations,
              system administrator only.
  
          vcd search task --filter 'id==ffb96443-d7f3-4200-825d-0f297388ebc0'
              Search for a task by id
  
          vcd search vapp
              Search for vApps.
  
          vcd search vapp -f 'metadata:cse.node.type==STRING:master'
              Search for vApps by metadata.
  
          vcd search vapp -f \
          'metadata:vapp.origin.name==STRING:photon-custom-hw11-2.0-304b817.ova'
              Search for vApps instantiated from template
  
          vcd search vapp -f \
          'numberOfCpus=gt=4;memoryAllocationMB=gt=10000;storageKB=gt=10000000'
              Search for resource intensive vApps
  
          vcd search vm
              Search for virtual machines.
  
          vcd search vm --fields 'name,vdcName,status'
              Search for virtual machines and show only some fields.
  
          vcd search vm --fields 'name,vdcName,status' --hide-id --sort-asc vdcName
              Search for virtual machines and show only some fields order y vdcName.
  
          vcd search adminOrgVdc --fields 'name,orgName,providerVdcName' --hide-id --sort-asc name
              Search all vdc and show only some fields order y name.
      

Options:
  -f, --filter [query-filter]  query filter
  -h, --help                   Show this message and exit.

```

Commit message:

Allow to customize field name in search
In --fields option, you can now specify custom name with 'as'.

exemple:
vcd search vm --fields 'name,ownerName as owner,isAutoNature as standalone'
name          owner    standalone
------------  -------  ------------
web1          johndoe  flase
web2          johndoe  flase
bdd           johndoe  true

Signed-off-by: Olivier DRAGHI <odraghi@gmail.com>

docs/vcd_search.md, after:

```
Usage: vcd search [OPTIONS] [resource-type]

  Search for resources in vCloud Director.

      Description
          Search for resources of the provided type. Resource type is not case
          sensitive. When invoked without a resource type, list the available
          types to search for. Admin types are only allowed when the user is
          the system administrator. By default result is order by id.
  
          Filters can be applied to the search.
  
      Examples
          vcd search
              lists available resource types.
  
          vcd search task
              Search for all tasks in current organization.
  
          vcd search task --filter 'status==running'
              Search for running tasks in current organization.
  
          vcd search admintask --filter 'status==running'
              Search for running tasks in all organizations,
              system administrator only.
  
          vcd search task --filter 'id==ffb96443-d7f3-4200-825d-0f297388ebc0'
              Search for a task by id
  
          vcd search vapp
              Search for vApps.
  
          vcd search vapp -f 'metadata:cse.node.type==STRING:master'
              Search for vApps by metadata.
  
          vcd search vapp -f \
          'metadata:vapp.origin.name==STRING:photon-custom-hw11-2.0-304b817.ova'
              Search for vApps instantiated from template
  
          vcd search vapp -f \
          'numberOfCpus=gt=4;memoryAllocationMB=gt=10000;storageKB=gt=10000000'
              Search for resource intensive vApps
  
          vcd search vm
              Search for virtual machines.
  
          vcd search vm --fields 'name,vdcName,status'
              Search for virtual machines and show only some fields.
  
          vcd search vm --fields 'name,vdcName,status' --hide-id --sort-asc vdcName
              Search for virtual machines and show only some fields order y vdcName.
  
          vcd search adminOrgVdc --fields 'name,orgName,providerVdcName' --hide-id --sort-asc name
              Search all vdc and show only some fields order y name.
  
          vcd search vm --fields 'containerName as containerName(vapp),name,ownerName as owner,isAutoNature as standalone' \
          --sort-asc containerName --filter 'isVAppTemplate==false' --hide-id
              Search for virtual machines, show only some fields, use 'as' to customize field name

Options:
  -f, --filter [query-filter]  query filter
  -h, --help                   Show this message and exit.

```
